Update to Docs in line with Newton (#14)
fourieraudio/docs: docs/rewind/faq.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# FAQs

This page features some commonly asked questions regarding Fourier Rewind.

### Can I run Rewind with another audio application at the same time?

No. In order to provide low latency monitoring, Rewind takes exclusive control of the audio device being used.  
Other applications may malfunction if Rewind takes exclusive control whilst they are using the device.

### I have a great idea for a feature. How can I let you know?

Rewind is in active development and we’d love your feedback! Please let us know your ideas and dreams at [hello@fourieraudio.com](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com).

### Can I rent Rewind?

> Not right now but if you would be interested in this, please get in touch by emailing hello@fourieraudio.com,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not right now - but if you would be interested in this, please get in touch by emailing [hello@fourieraudio.com](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com).
```

### Does Rewind work with M1 Apple computers?

Yes it does! M1 computers are supported as of v1.1.

### Does Rewind work on Windows/Linux?

Not currently. Please contact [support@fourieraudio.com](mailto:support@fourieraudio.com) should this be a requirement for your use case.

### How can I get more channels?

Should you require more than 128 channels, please contact [hello@fourieraudio.com](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com) to discuss your requirements.

### What is your refund policy?

In the unlikely event that you’d like a refund,  please get in touch with us at [support@fourieraudio.com](mailto:support@fourieraudio.com). We are able to offer refunds within 7 days of purchase, providing the licence is surrendered within this time.

### Do you provide discounts?

> Yes. If you’re looking to purchase Rewind for multiple projects, or use it in an education setting (either as user or for teaching), please get in touch at [hello@fourieraudio.com](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com). We’ll sort a pricing structure that works for you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. If you’re looking to purchase Rewind for multiple projects, or use it in an education setting (either as a student or as an educator), please get in touch at [hello@fourieraudio.com](mailto:hello@fourieraudio.com). We’ll sort a pricing structure that works for you.
```
